<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<style>
			body{
				background-color: black;
				color: white;
			}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
		<h1>Base 2</h1>
		<p>This is the simplest part of the game. Start by clicking the button that says "+1 points" a few times. Notice that your score (at the top) only uses 1s and 0s. That's right, you're in binary! Just under the + points button, there's another button that, when clicked, will increase your point gain by 1. After reaching 1000000 points (64 in base 10), another button at the bottom will become avalible. On clicking this, it will raise your base to 3, but reset all of your points and the buys of the increase point gain button.</p>
		<h1>Base 3-4</h1>
		<p>Now that you're in base 3, check the base tab at the top. You'll notice that there are two upgrades that you can buy. The first will decrease the cost of the points upgrade (in practice, the upgrade gives you 1 extra buy of the upgrade). The second upgrade is something called an ipsiClicker. IpsiClickers will give you points automatically. I could call then autoclickers, but I don't like that name. You can choose either one, but I would recomend the first one, as 1 ipsiClicker won't do much for you. You'll very quickly get back to base 3 and then can buy the other upgrade. Completing base 3 for the first time will take a lot longer, as the cost of the point upgrade multiplies by 3 instead of 2, and you need to reach 729 points instead of 64. A tip that will help you out durring this section is that if you hold down the enter key, it will re-activate the last button you pressed. If you do this on the + points button, your point amount will increase very fast. eventually, you will reach base 4. You can buy a new upgrade which effectivly doubles your ipsiClickers, or you can buy ipsiClickers themselves. At this point, there is no right upgrade to choose. Buying ipsiClickers right now will end you up with 3 instead of 2, but there is also a reason to wait to buy ipsiClickers. When you buy ipsiClickers, it will first deduct the cost from your base, then it will multiply your ipsiClicker amount by whatever base you have left. Then it will add 1. If you buy them as soon as you can, you will always get a x2 multiplier. However, if you wait you can get much better multipliers. At this point, whatever strategy you take with ipsiClickers will work, because they are capped at 100 and the x2 strategy will take you there pretty quickly, but you might be able to go a little faster if you wait a bit before buying them. Depending on what you bought and what your strategy is, you might want to buy the other one, but after that, complete base 4.</p>
		<h1>Pre-base 10</h1>
		<p>Upon reaching base 5, you are greeted with an upgrade that will multiply your point gain by your current base. I completely recomend this upgrade over ipsiClickers, as it will speed up the game by so, so much. Base 6 doesn't have any interesting upgrades, but once you reach base 7, you can buy another upgrade that will greatly speed up the game. It decreases the requrement for entering the next base. This will help more later on, but it is still usefull early game. After a few more minutes, you should reach base 10. If you feel stuck at any point in this section, first make sure you were buying ipsiClickers, and second try getting to a large base and then respecing. This won't refund your bases or anything, but it brings the cost back down to 1 and allows you to get better multipliers. Anyway, once you reach base 10, There is one final base upgrade which unlocks a new mechanic.</p>
		<h1>The effects of base upgrade 5</h1>
		<p>First off, a new button has appeared in the base tab allowing you to enter base 2. This may seem useless now, but you'll understand it in a bit. Second, you've unlocked a new tab at the top - the log tab. In it you will find a button that lets you buy a new path of the log tree, and the log tree itself. The log tree has four rows, each with twice as many upgrades as the last one. They all have a binary ID which tells you what upgrade it is and all of it's ancestor upgrades. When you use a path, it will sequentially buy the parent upgrade of the last one bought, giving you an entire path each time. Note that you can only manually buy the top upgrades. Because of this, a path can be named after the highest upgrade within it. The last change brought by base upgrade 5 is that the enter next base button is now orange/yellow and will tell you how many log points you'll gain on reset once avalible.</p>
		<h1>log</h1>
		<p>In order to buy the first path, you need 60 log points. If you are in base 2 right now, do a normal base 2 run, except don't reset immidiately. Instead, wait until it says you'll get around 10-11 log points. Then, go into the base tab and press enter base 2. You want to stay in base 2 because at this point you recieve more log points in lower bases. Repeat this strategy a few times, remembering to reset for around 10 log points each time. After doing this a few times, you'll reach 60 log points and be able to buy a path. No matter what, you will get the bottom upgrade, which will greatly increase the amount of log points you get, more in higher bases. After that, the tree splits in two. The first half mostly helps you get more log points while the second half mostly helps with automation. I would recomend starting with path 1000. This will boost your log point gain, allow for fast switching of bases, remove the requirement for reseting, and give you a self-synergy multiplier. At this point, if you buy paths in a different order than the guide says to, this guide won't be very helpful to you. For everyone else, switch into base 9. You can do this in the base tab now. Do a few short runs to try to climb up to 360 log points. If you want to go faster, try to increase your best base and then go into your second-highest. Very soon you will reach 360 log points and can buy a second path. I would recomend path 1110, as it will give you a points upgrade autobuyer, useful for completing new bases, a base autobuyer, OP in conjunction with log upgrade 100 (which you should already have) and the ability to surpass 100 ipsiClickers. Be sure to buy ipsiClickers a few times after getting this one. After this, the log path cost will scale twice. This will happen every 2 paths you buy. Try to grind a few new bases, as they will help to increase your ipsiClicker amount. Every now and then, respec and buy from your best base over and over. At a certain point, you will reach enough log points to buy another path. Log upgrade 110 is very helpful here because you start with 100 ipsiClickers, allowing you to buy it even more. You have to choose between log upgrade 1100 and 1101. 1100 will make it much more convinient to buy ipsiClickers, while 1101 will massively boost how many ipsiClickers you get. Note that if you buy 1101 after 1111 it will give you an autobuyer. No matter which path you choose, be sure to get the other one with your next path. Even though this causes you to have one less upgrade than you could have had, it is worth it. For your next path, get either 1010 or 1011. At this point you will notice that your base is increasing very fast, and perhaps it has even surpassed 60 already. After 60, there are some nerfs put in place, but it really doesn't matter, as your ipsiClickers and log points are propelling you forward. With your next path get the ipsiClicker autobuyer, and turn them both on to 0 and 1. The order that you buy the last two paths doesn't matter, but don't forget about them. Your base will be increasing every frame now, and that means that you will be getting an exponentially increasing amount of log points. Be sure to respec your ipsiClickers often, and eventually you will get to infinite log points (Javascript has a maximum number size, and any number beyond that will be treated as infinity). Because the amount of ipsiClickers that you gain is based on your log points, you will recieve infinite ipsiClickers upon buying. It it doesn't work at first, simply respec and you will see the end text.</p>
	</body>
</html>
